Add Model3DViewer component (#147)
cognitedata/gearbox.js: src/components/AssetSearch/stories/full.md

| Property              | Description                                                        | Type                  | Default |
| --------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------- | ------- |

> | `onLiveSearchSelect`  | Trigger after selecting on of items from live search results list  | `(asset: sdk.Asset) => void;`            |         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `onLiveSearchSelect`  | Trigger after selecting one of the items from live search results list  | `(asset: sdk.Asset) => void;`            |         |
```
